HJK97-2MNQ3-C3DTH-HTGF8-82QGT - chaitra.dangat@outlook.com

6CN74-JMC8V-4KTWT-DPJY7-G6PKG - chaitradangat084@gmail.com

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.
All information, products and services displayed on the http://digiworld4u.in website constitute an “invitation to offer”. Your order for purchase constitutes your “offer” which shall be subject to the terms and conditions as listed below. http://digiworld4u.in website has the right to accept or reject your offer without assigning any reason thereof.

In order to use the http://digiworld4u.in website belonging to Digiworld4u, you (The User) have accepted the following terms and conditions given below. Digiworld4u reserves the right to add, delete, alter or modify these terms and conditions at any time.

You (The User) are therefore advised to read carefully these terms and conditions every time you use the http://digiworld4u.in website of Digiworld4u .

We have made every effort to display the color of our products that appear on the site as accurately as possible. However, as the actual colors you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of color will be accurate.
​

The User certifies that he/she is at least 18 (eighteen) years of age or has the consent of a parent or legal guardian.
Digiworld4u will not be responsible for any damage suffered by users from use of the services on http://digiworld4u.in. This without limitation includes loss of revenue or data resulting from delays, non-deliveries, missed deliveries, or service interruptions as may occur because of any act / omission of the vendor. This disclaimer of liability also applies to any damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, negligence, defect, deletion, error, omission, interruption, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tortuous behavior, or under any other cause of action.
Digiworld4u will take “Full Responsibility” of your Order, if the Order has been shipped to any of the major cities, where we used “Private Courier Companies” to ship your order.
The prices and availability of products are subject to change without prior notice.
If a non-delivery or late delivery occurs due to a mistake by the User (i.e., wrong or incomplete name or address or recipient not available) any extra cost spent by Digiworld4u for re-delivery shall be claimed from the User placing the order.
The User agrees to give accurate, authentic and true information. Digiworld4u reserves the right to confirm and validate the information and other details provided by the User at any point of time. If any such User details are found not to be true wholly or partly, Digiworld4u has the right in its sole discretion to reject the registration and debar the User from using the services of www.digiworld4u.in without prior intimation whatsoever.
All items sold by digiworld4u.in are warranted solely by the manufacturer/distributor. All items requiring repair should be sent to the manufacturer/distributor directly for service. We are not liable if the manufacturer/distributor fails to perform warranty service.
We may send you Review invitation email to submit review for the product you purchased.
​

THERE IS NO IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ON ANY ITEM SOLD BY DIGIWORLD4U.

​

Digiworld4u will not be responsible for any consequential or incidental damage resulting from the sale or use of any merchandise purchased from us. Digiworld4u liability is limited to the monetary value of the merchandise.
Digiworld4u will not be liable for any type or kind of credit card fraud. The liability to use a card fraudulently will be on the user and the onus to ‘prove otherwise’ shall be exclusively on the user. The User must exclusively use his/her own card on the site.
Digiworld4u shall not entertain any complaints after 7 days, once the order is delivered.
This agreement shall be construed in accordance with the applicable laws of India. The Courts at Bengaluru, Karnataka shall have exclusive jurisdiction in any proceedings arising out of this agreement. This agreement, and any dispute, which arises from and out of this website, shall be construed with the laws of the state of Karnataka. Any legal action regarding this agreement or this website shall be brought only in either the state city of Bengaluru, Karnataka and by using this site you consent to personal jurisdiction within these courts.
​

13.1 COPYRIGHT NOTICE: This World Wide Web site and all of its content, including but not limited to the text and images used herein and their arrangement, is copyright ©2020 digiworld4u.in

​

13.2 TRADEMARKS NOTICE: digiworld4u.in and products referenced herein are trademarks or registered trademarks. All other products and company names referenced herein, if any, may be the trademarks of their respective owners. Digiworld4u does not authorize the use of any trade name, trademark, registered trademark, logo, or any copyrighted material referenced herein for any purpose whatsoever, including non-commercial applications.

​

13.3 RESTRICTIONS ON USE: In consideration of being allowed to use the website, you agree that the following actions shall constitute a material breach:

Collecting information about the website or users of the website without our written consent;
Modifying, framing, rendering (or re-rendering), mirroring, truncating, injecting, filtering or changing any content or information contained in the website without our written consent.
Using any deep-link, page-scrape, robot, crawl, index, spider, click spam, macro programs, Internet agent, or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology which does the same things, to use, access, copy, acquire information, generate impressions or clicks, input information, store information, search, generate searches, or monitor the website or any portion thereof;
Accessing or using the site for commercial or competitive purposes;
Disguising the origin of information transmitted to, from, or through the website.
Impersonating another person;
Distributing viruses or other harmful computer code;
Allowing any other person or entity to impersonate you to access or use the website;
Using the website for any purpose in violation of local, state, national or international laws
Using the website in a way that is intended to harm, or a reasonable person would understand would likely result in harm, to the user or others Circumventing any measures implemented by us aimed at preventing violations of the Terms of Use.

13.4 DISCLAIMER: There are certain risks in using any information, software, or products found on the internet; Digiworld4u cautions you to make certain that you completely understand these risks before retrieving, using, relying upon, or purchasing anything via the internet.

Visitors to this website assume all responsibility and risk for the use of this website. Information published on this website is provided without charge as a convenience to visitors, to be used for informational purposes only. NOTHING IN THIS WEB SITE CONSTITUTES A RECOMMENDATION OR ENDORSEMENT OF ANY ITEM, PRODUCT OR BRAND.

ALTHOUGH REASONABLE CARE HAS BEEN TAKEN WITH REGARD TO THIS SITE’S CONTENT, DIGIWORLD4U DOES NOT WARRANT OR REPRESENT THAT THIS SITE’S CONTENT IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE, OR UP TO DATE, NOR DOES IT WARRANT OR REPRESENT THAT ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS SITE OR THE SERVER WHICH MAKES IT AVAILABLE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, AND FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THE CONTENT OF THIS SITE MAY INCLUDE TECHNICAL INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS FOR WHICH DIGIWORLD4U ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY.
